As always, read and understand Chapters 29 then answer these questions
in "answers.txt".

1. What does the sub-object rule say?

A. Ring-ding-ding-ding-dingeringeding! Gering-ding-ding-ding-dingeringeding!
B. Objects must be laid out such that they contain a portion which is laid
   out exactly like each parent class.
C. Objects must be laid out such that fields are in one part of the object,
   and methods are in another part of the object.
D. Objects must be laid out such that private fields are separated from public
   fields.
E. None of the above.

2. What is a vtable?

A. An array of objects of the same type
B. An array of pointers to parent classes
C. An array of verification data.
D. An array of function pointers, used for dynamic dispatch.
E. None of the above.

3. If class X inherits from two parent classes, how many vtable pointers
    do objects of type X contain?

A. 0
B. 1
C. 2
D. 3
E. 4

4. What does virtual inheritance do?

A. Makes all inherited functions use dynamic dispatch.
B. Makes all inherited functions use static dispatch.
C. Makes the sub-object rule not apply to the child class.
D. Makes references to the parent sub-object occur through an offest in the vtable.
E. None of the above.

5. What is a mixin?

A. When you go get icecream, and they fold the toppings into it.
B. A templated class, whose template parameter is used as the parent class.
C. A class where the parent and child classes in an inheritance hiearchy each
   have pointers to distinct instances of that class.
D. A form of circular queue.
E. None of the above

6. Which of the following is INCORRECT about static dispatch and dynamic dispatch?

A. Static dispatch is also called early binding, which selects the method at compile time.
B. Dynamic dispatch is also called late binding, which selects the method at run time.
C. Static dispatch allows programmers to combine components at run time.
D. Dynamic dispatch allows programmers to use overridden methods when an object
   is being used polymorphically.

7. If a child class inherits from two parent classes, then ...
   
A. both parent classes can inherit the features of the child class.
B. the child class can be used polymorphically with either parent class.
C. two parent class can be the same class.
D. the order of two parent classes makes no difference.

8. Which of the following is accurate with regards to multiple inheritance?

A. The destructor of the primary parent class will first be called in the destruction process.
B. The body of the constructor of the child class will be executed before the bodies
   of the parent class constructors.
C. In the layout of multiple inheritance, each parent’s vtable only contains its own methods.
D. If two parent classes have fields with the same name, we need to use the scope resolution
   operator to access the specified field in parent class.

9. Which of the following is INCORRECT about virtual inheritance?

A. Virtual inheritance is used to avoid two copies of the same grandparent class.
B. The keyword "virtual" is used in a child class when it tries to inherit two parents, which
   both inherit from the same grandparent class.
C. When a program tries to access fields in the virtually inherited class, the memory
   address of that field is not a fixed offset from the start of the object.
D. Virtual inheritance has well defined rules for the order in which virtually inherited
   superclasses are constructed, based on a DFS through the inheritance graph.

10. Given the following code, which accurately describes the access restriction
    of D's inheritance of C?

class A {
public:
	int x;
	A() :x(0) {  }	
};

class B: public virtual A {};	
class C: virtual public A {};	
class D: public B, C {};	

A. D public inherits C
B. D protected inherits C
C. D private inherits C
D. This code fails to compile since we did not specify an access restriction between the
   comma and C in declaring class D.
